Mangkorn?
Do you know where your sister’s phone is?
I don’t.
Someone went into the room
after the incident?
I don’t know about that.
Our searching team is trying their best
if you could think of anything,
I think it would be a great help to the case.
Hello, I want to report a crime.
About the Bupphachinda case,
on the night of the incident,
I saw a man leaving the mansion.
I reckon he’s someone who lives nearby.
He left holding a
a scissor with blood stains on it.
Hello, are you Mr. Thana?
Yes.
We have been given a tip-off.
Please excuse us.
Yes, please come in.
Hold on.
I have something to tell you.
This is my sister’s handwriting.
I don’t know where it came from.
YOU’RE NEXT.
But I found it
when I opened the car’s hood
on the day my brake fluid leaked.
The thing is
I think the fact that my brake fluid leaked
might not be an accident.
Thank you for cooperating.
It must have been a prank call indeed.
Yes, my pleasure.
Please excuse us.
Sure.
So
Where have you been?
I went to buy some food.
What was going on?
Oh, nothing much.
Someone called the police and said
that they saw me leaving the mansion
on the night Chatfah went missing
with a pair of scissors with blood stains in my hands.
Yeah?
And then?
They couldn’t find it.
So they left.
Yeah?
(If you want to lie to someone perfectly, )
Is anything up?
No.
(Then you might want to start by pretending)
(that you don’t know how to lie.)
(The first way to make someone trust you)
(is to pretend you’re harmless.)
What are you looking for?
Are you looking for the scissors?
No.
I respect you for your courage.
But if courage
is used in the wrong place,
it would become stupidity.
If I were to get caught today.
Do you really think
I wouldn’t tell the police
whom I saw that night?
Don’t you forget,
I have a picture of Nathat.
The police
would obviously believe in proofs more.
(But trust)
(could only be given once.)
But you’re lucky,
that I’m still having fun with you.
But whenever
I lost my patience,
perhaps that
might no longer be fun for you.
(As soon as you got caught, )
(you’re never getting any chances again.)
Did your sleepwalking condition
get worse?
Yes, it seems to be getting worse and worse.
And how do you feel after waking up?
I feel frustrated.
I feel like,
Why is this happening again?
Why does it have to happen
when I was unconscious?
And…
I feel scared.
I’m scared that what happened in my dreams
would become true.
If you can’t control your stress,
your sleepwalking symptom
would keep getting worse.
Doctor,
no matter how real the dreams seemed to be,
it doesn't mean that
it would really happen, right?
Are you here to help
or cause me more trouble?
You told me yourself,
to let you know
if I could think of any clues.
Woah!
Before you could realize any clues,
you might slip and forget things here.
I’ve been running in this woods
since I was young.
It’s got nothing on me.
Did you come out and run when you were young?
I only saw you sitting there drawing alone.
You didn’t come out to play with anyone.
I like being alone.
I like being alone too.
But I didn’t think you would recognize me.
Of course, I remember you.
How can I forget?
Khem! Your dad is in bad shape!
Dad! Are you okay?
Dad!
What happened?
The lock on the door was broken.
He was stuck inside for hours.
You’re the guard, how can you not know?
Go on!
Let’s take him to the hospital.
Dad, are you okay?
Dad!
Hang in there, sir!
Back then, I was so young
so I didn’t have any chance to talk to you.
I’m sorry for your loss.
That was such a long time ago.
I have also completely forgotten
how I felt back then.
But my dad felt so guilty about it.
It was an accident
that no one wanted to happen.
An accident?
How do you know it was an accident?
Hey, wait for me.
Hey.
Why are you in such a hurry?
Wait for me!
Hey! Wait for me.
Miss!
Does it hurt?
It’s alright.
I’m fine.
Let’s stop here for today.
Let’s go back.
Easy there.
It seems like me being here today
is a burden rather than a help to you.
At least you tried.
Your older sisters are weird.
Their younger sister is missing
but no one cares to help find her.
Sorry.
I didn’t mean to condemn your sisters.
Each of them must have things to take care of.
Let me ask you,
about your dad…
was that not an accident?
I’m sorry for your loss.
As for Khem,
don’t worry about his school fees,
the farm will take care of it.
You’re looking down on me too much.
I might be poor
but I’m not stupid.
Do you think I don’t know what you’re hiding?
Why did you bribe them with money
and stop the police from investigating?
Huh?
Why did you kill my husband?
Why did you kill my husband?!
Madame, calm down!
I don’t really know. I was so young,
I might have imagined things.
But my dad was trying every way to help.
Some things are long done.
I think
you should go back and take some rest.
Miss!
Picha!
3 MONTHS EARLIER
Chom!
When did you come back from Hong Kong?
Since yesterday.
My job wrapped up early.
So I brought some gifts,
before they go bad.
By the way,
is Nathat here?
Uh, Nathat is…
Right now, Nathat’s already had a stable job.
He would soon step up as the CEO
instead of his father.
The two have known each other for a long time.
It’s high time
to ask for Chatfah’s hand.
Hello, Dad.
Hello, Grandma.
Oh?
I thought you said you were in Hong Kong.
My work happened to finish quickly
so I came back early too.
Are Grandma and Nathat here to visit you, Dad?
Oh, Madame Raewadee is asking for Chatfah’s hand
to marry Nathat.
If the two are really in love
then I have no objections.
But her mother…
She’s very protective of her daughter.
Especially Chatfah, her favorite.
Unfortunately, she hasn’t returned from America.
Shall we wait for her mother to return?
We can’t wait.
I want to marry Chatfah as soon as possible.
Chom!
Are you okay?
What do you think?
When were you guys going to tell me?
If I didn’t come back
and found out with my own eyes,
no one would’ve told me anything, right?
Chom.
Get back and join the table immediately!
This is not good manners.
Not good manners?
Do I have to care?
Does anyone care about me?
Does anyone respect me?
You guys use the opportunity that I’m not in the country
and discuss it behind my back.
Chom, I also figured it out
not long before you did.
Not long, but you still know it before I do.
When were you going to tell me?
During the wedding ceremony?
Or when their kids go to kindergarten?
Hey!
How could you do that?
How could you let that bitch Chat
steal Nathat from me?
You knew that I and Nathat…
What’s with Nathat?
Go on.
You and Nathat what?
Were you guys dating?
Not quite.
What are you trying to do?
I’m not doing anything
because you and Nathat are nothing.
You’re just having a one-sided crush on him.
And a crush is not dating, is it?
Chom, don’t.
Come here!
If you want something
but don’t try to get it,
that means you don’t want it bad enough.
From today on,
I don’t have a sister like you.
All these times,
have you ever thought of me as a sister?
Yes?
Right now?
Chompoo!
Why did you come this way?
I told you to enter from the back.
Why can’t I come this way?
A lot of press is waiting for you.
Let’s go. Let’s forget about them.
Let’s get your makeup done.
Oh! Chompoo!
Chompoo! Chompoo!
Chompoo, let me ask you about your sister’s case.
Any updates?
What do you think about the people
who thinks you’re involved with your sister’s fiance?
I’m so sorry,
this is not the time for an interview.
Please give us a little more time.
Please allow her to get ready.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Oh, just a little more.
Just a little.
How are you feeling?
Chompoo!
Thank you.
I think I should leave.
I don’t want to give an interview about the case.
No way!
I don’t want to say this to your face
but you don’t have any gigs at all now.
There are only events such as these
that have been requesting you.
And I’ve already filtered some out for you.
I’ve only accepted those who are willing to pay.
But I think it’s a good opportunity though.
So that you can express your condolences publicly.
Perhaps the hate train on media
could soften down a little.
In other words,
you should make the most out of this time.
Because without Chatfah’s scandal,
you might not have received so much attention.
Can we call an opinion that’s not asked for
as being nosy?
I’m just telling the truth.
You should thank Chatfah for disappearing.
Otherwise,
you wouldn’t have been invited
to this kind of event.
This bitch.
Stop it Sarah,
you’re snapping at her like a Chihuahua.
I’m just upset with the Thai society today
that they just invite whoever is under the spotlight.
Without a care
whether that person might actually be
a suspect in a murder case.
As long as you can pull the media.
- Oops, sorry!
- What are you doing?!
I just wanted to clean some stinks.
I just realized it came from your mouth.
Hey!
Why?
Get down there.
You’re such a talker, huh?
Do you want to be the next one dead?
I’m a suspect in a murder case anyway,
wouldn’t hurt to kill another model, right?
Come on!
Did you hear that, everyone?
She threatened to kill me!
With that filthy mouth,
even if I don’t kill you,
you’d die soon anyway, Sarah.
But thanks to you,
you made me realize
how I should handle it.
I admit
that earlier,
I couldn’t control my emotions well.
It was because of stress.
Chat,
please come back, Chat.
I really miss you.
Miss.
I…
Did I get hit by a car?
Just a graze.
Nothing serious.
The doctor said you passed out
because you’re surprised.
And does it still hurt anywhere?
I still don’t know.
I’m rather dizzy at the moment.
And I…
Forget it.
I dreamt of something random.
A dream?
It’s a dream I haven’t had for a long time.
But it has nothing to do with it.
If you’re doing better,
I hope you could try to recall your memory.
Anything you could remember
or do you recognize the face of the driver
or are you familiar with that car at all.
Did they not stop the car?
No.
They drove away so fast.
They probably didn’t think I would have gotten hit.
No, I don’t think so.
I think there was an intention to run you over.
Intention?
Based on a lot of things over the past few days,
I think you’re being targeted.
(It’s undeniable that)
(the plot of siblings killing each other for legacy)
(would be the first thing that came to mind.)
(But for me, it’s not like that at all.)
(I’ve been working to support myself)
(ever since my parents were still alive.)
(So, to fight over wealth or legacy?)
(I couldn’t care less about that.)
(I can make my own money.)
(But would the others in my family)
(sees it the same way?)
(I’m not in the position to answer that for them.)
Go and warn Chompoo
that saying this to the press
is like throwing shades on your family members.
I don’t think she was throwing shades at anyone.
I think she was saying it objectively.
Is this how you want it to be?
Giving interviews separately
to get the press to be on your side?
These presses are all using us.
They want us to throw shade at each other
just like this.
What are you trying to say, Uncle?
You might not be able to make it out.
But in no time,
they will start digging around our family.
The longer Chatfah is missing,
the more vulnerable we are.
Hmm…
So what’s there about our family
to be dug around?
Or do you and Dad
have something that’s left untold to me?
Not too long,
and you’ll understand
what your sisters have done.
Yes, it’s me, Bua.
Captain?
You want to search
the farm and the warehouse?
I have the court’s order.
I have my team searching your farm right now.
I didn’t want to search your farm at first
but there’s no clue from the woods.
And your farm happens to be next to the woods
so I hope we can find out more.
Then please search freely, Captain.
Actually, I don’t come to this farm often.
Because Uncle Kajorn is in charge of it.
But if you happen to find anything suspicious,
please let me know.
Then I’ll search this warehouse first.
Please go ahead.
What do you normally store here?
Fertilizers.
Captain.
We found a pit that has just been covered
at the back of the warehouse.
This area used to be a pond
but it has long been covered up.
But the soil seems like it
has been covered up not long ago.
Does no one know about it?
I don’t know about that.
Then please allow us to check.
Lieutenant,
bring in the searching tools.
Yes, sir.
Thank you
for driving me all the way here.
I think you should have spent a night at the hospital.
It seems the doctor didn’t want to discharge you just yet.
I have a lot to do.
I also don’t want to worry my sister too much.
It seems like
you suddenly have to take care of me.
I’m sorry.
Why would you apologize?
I was there with you at the scene.
Of course, I would have to help.
Is it a police officer’s duty?
You could say that.
But this is beyond your time of duty.
The medicines are in the back seat.
Don’t forget.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Are you trying to flirt with the Captain?
Using your body to get off the hook, huh?
What are you saying, Chom?
I had an accident
so the Captain took me home.
An accident?
Any bad injuries?
No, I don't have any serious injuries.
It’s a long story.
I’ll fill you in later.
I don't think that's what I see in the car.
And what are you doing?
Do you think I can’t tell?
Saying that to the press
is like throwing shades at your family.
What’s your true color like exactly?
Picha.
At least I didn’t do what you thought I did.
I’m sorry.
Ever since Chat’s gone,
I feel like I haven’t been myself.
I feel like I can’t trust anyone.
But among all the people,
I trust you two the most.
Of course.
Because we’re sisters.
Where the hell had Chat gone?
Can you freaking calm down?
The police are coming.
They will help us find her.
But in this incident,
there are only the 3 of us.
We might
become a suspect.
What?
A fucking suspect?
The 3 of us didn’t even know
what the fuck was going on.
It’s because there are just us 3
who saw her falling down and went missing.
Don’t you think it’s weird
if we tell people that we don’t know
where our sister go?
Who would ever believe that?
But the 3 of us don’t know shit!
Chom!
Who would ever believe that?
Use your head!
Today is when the will is revealed
and Chatfah’s the only one
who gets the entire legacy.
It’s also the day she fell down and disappeared
and during the incident,
there are only the 3 of us.
Do you guys trust me?
No.
We have to trust each other.
If we trust each other,
we have to mention each other’s name.
So all of us are suspects.
What?
What are you saying?
Why don’t we just tell them the truth
that we’re not a damn suspect?
We can’t do that, Chompoo.
If we do that,
people would think we conspired in a lie,
right?
But under one condition.
No one shall betray
or give any other answers at all costs.
Who do you think
is the suspect?
Bua.
Chompoo.
Picha.
I’d admit,
from what happened to Dad and Mom
to the thing about Chat,
our relationship has gotten so much worse.
Hasn’t it been bad from the start?
And I don’t want it to be that way anymore.
Because we’re now being attacked socially,
by the press,
and we can’t even trust
someone from our family, like Uncle Kajorn.
That’s not a surprise.
Even his wife left him for other guys.
Just like what Mom used to say.
That Uncle Kajorn doesn’t mean well for us.
Yeah.
From now on,
we have to trust in each other
as much as we can.
Chompoo.
I understand why you gave that interview.
But if there’s a next time,
come and consult me first.
Okay.
Pi.
The accident you told us
does sound a bit odd.
But if anything like this ever happens again,
you have to let me know right away.
From now on,
let’s not keep secrets from each other.
Since we’re not going to keep secrets,
I have something to tell you.
I went to Chatfah’s condo
and found many things.
That she sent a sketch of my product
to the competitor’s companies
in trade for a brand’s ambassador title.
Damn.
Seriously?
More importantly,
I found this.
On the day Chatfah disappeared,
Chatfah has an appointment
with someone called Mangkorn.
Who’s that?
I don’t know either.
But if I were to guess,
I think he’s one of Chatfah’s men.
So pretty, huh?
So many men.
But these days
why would she take notes on a book?
Wouldn’t someone like Chat
note it down in her phone?
Yeah.
I don’t know about that either.
But look, in this notebook,
there are only the appointments with Mangkorn
and no one else.
MEET MANGKORN
Could it be that…
Chat’s hiding something from us?
Bua.
Yeah?
Are you really not going to stay over?
So we can talk before we go to bed
like when we were young.
I have a meeting in the morning tomorrow.
I have to go.
I’ll come again.
What about you?
Are you really not going to go back?
No, I’ll just stay the night here.
You go ahead.
I’ll get going.
Bua.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for everything.
Yeah.
No problem.
But from now on,
we must trust each other more.
Because we’re all we have left.
(Trust is strange.)
(It’s hard to build.)
Go!
This is getting cheesy.
You’re giving me goosebumps.
Okay.
Then see you.
Get home safe.
Chom.
Yeah?
I’m actually not going to spend the night here.
What?
You have the keycard to Chat’s room, right?
(But can be destroyed so easily.)
Mangkorn?
You’re the one who killed Chatfah, right?
Pardon?
(To keep the ties intact, )
EXAMINATION RESULT CERTIFICATE
CHATFAH BUPPHACHINDA
(is to hide)
NON-PREGNANCY.
(the secret away.)
(As deep as possible.)
I knew it.
SHARE TRANSFER AGREEMENT
TRANSFEROR: CHATFAH BUPPHACHINDA
RECEIVER: BUNTHARIKA BUPPHACHINDA
If any of you think it’s unfair,
and you want me to give anything back,
I’ll do so.
This company will never be yours anyway.
What if I ask Chat to sell me her share,
the tables might turn.
CHATFAH BUPPHACHINDA: TRANSFEROR
BUNTHARIKA BUPPHACHINDA: RECEIVER
When are you leaving the country?
Probably tonight.
You’re not hurt anywhere, right?
I’m sorry, I went too hard on the accelerator.
I was careless.
(Because if no one knows, )
(then no one would have to face the pain.)
If you manage to get off the hook of being a suspect.
Then you would get lots of legacy, right?
You even went so far as
cutting the brake fluid line.
This money I got
is a bit too little, Miss Picha.
Never mention this again.
Hurry up and go.
(Even if it turns you into a monster.)
Don’t you think Chom would be hurt
if she knows the truth?
You betrayed me.
Is this what you do to your sister?
Sneaking into our farm to dig a pit in our land?
You found it?
Don’t tell me that this is Chatfah.
You liked Chat all along, right?
Think of me as Chat.